Toni Morrison Dining Hall
3.8 (6 reviews)
Unclaimed 
Cafeteria
Toni Morrison Dining Hall - Stir fry - Ithaca, NY
Toni Morrison Dining Hall - Ithaca, NY
Toni Morrison Dining Hall - Pasta - Ithaca, NY
Toni Morrison Dining Hall - Inside - Ithaca, NY

Do you recommend this business?

People also searched for
Breakfast

Kosher

Pizza

Buffet

Dinner

Breakfast & Brunch

Location & Hours	
Suggest an edit

Map
10 Sisson Pl

Ithaca, NY 14850

You Might Also Consider
Sponsored
Panera Bread

2.8 (71 reviews)
2.3 miles away from Toni Morrison Dining Hall
Jon C. said"Visited Ithaca for the day and really wanted to go out and try a local restaurant; however I have the pickiest 4yo on the planet and so we went to the place where I know he'll eat a reasonable dinner vs just bread. Thankful for kids…"read more
in Sandwiches

Inn at Taughannock Falls Restaurant

3.1 (109 reviews)
Darrell C. said"We love coming here. The food is spectacular, the service is wonderful and our wait was minimal. We were seated near the window so our view was amazing as well. I thoroughly recommend coming here and look forward to doing so again."read more
in Bars, Mediterranean, New American

Amenities and More
Estimated Health Score100 out of 100
Powered by Health Department Intelligence


Ask the Community	
Ask a question

Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about Toni Morrison Dining Hall.

Recommended Reviews
Your trust is our priority, so businesses can't pay to alter or remove their reviews. Learn more about reviews.
Username
Location
000
Choose a star rating on a scale of 1 to 5





Select your rating

Start your review of Toni Morrison Dining Hall
Overall rating

6 reviews
5 stars

4 stars

3 stars

2 stars

1 star


Yelp Sort

Filter by rating
Search reviews
 
Search reviews
Hannah M.
Elite 26
Detroit, MI
150313823522
Jun 14, 2024
1 photoFirst to Review
I'm no longer a student, but I've come to the dining hall a few times for convenience. This dining hall did not exist when I was at Cornell ('17 alum) and is far and away better than anything we had when I was here. The cost is decent ($9.50 at breakfast, $15.50 for lunch) for what you get. Here are my likes and dislikes:

Likes:
1. Plenty of seating including lots of options with charging stations
2. Generally very clean and well-maintained
3. Cornell dairy bar ice cream is always phenomenal and they have a good rotating selection
4. Pasta station and the pizza is significantly better than your average dining hall food. Both could honestly pass at a restaurant
5. Little touches like smoothies, fancy water dispensers, a waffle station, etc are impressive

Dislikes:
1. Desserts, other than ice cream, are horrific. Like cookies so dry they crumble at your touch, bland cakes, etc.
2. Some minor cleanliness issues eg fruit flies at the drink dispensers
3. No sodas whatsoever, just sparkling water and juice
4. Salad bar doesn't taste super fresh and could use some sprucing up
5. Most food stations are shut down between 2:30-5. Could easily incorporate a sandwich station or something to account for limited staffing during those hours

Overall it offers a decent number of options for students and most food is pretty tasty. Major area of improvement would be desserts. Just crack open a thing of Oreos if you don't want to invest in a better baking department.

Martha K.
New York, NY
33168363
Nov 27, 2024
I used to come here all the time when I was a student. Whenever I had family or friends visiting, I always made sure to show them Morrison dining hall because of how massive it is with a plethora of food options. I personally love their wok station and dessert section. You can customize your noodles to the way you want it with various toppings. On Sunday mornings, they usually have smoothies and crepes available, which I think are the best. The pizza station is also pretty solid because most of them are always made on the spot.

Not really much of a service aspect, but more of a buffet style. You can grab as much food as you want. Ambiance was great with decent lighting and it was spacious, so you'll rarely have a hard time finding a seat.

Food: 5/5
Service: 5/5
Ambiance: 5/5

Sang K.
MA, MA
02112
Apr 26, 2025
Came to eat lunch here during a college visit. Really nice ambiance with lots of natural lights and good looking fixtures and was not too noisy even with tons of people.
The food was great - good salad options and pizza was amazing. Light fluffy crust and not greasy. Those oven makes a difference for sure.
Lots of good options and everything seemed to be pretty well kept up. Definitely worth 16 bucks I paid.
I tried everything and I couldn't eat dinner..

C ..
Ithaca, NY
020
Oct 14, 2025
there were still 25 minutes left of breakfast and they wouldn't make more french toast sticks like i'd understand if there were 10 minutes left but nearly half an hour left and they can't make more is stupid

- a hungry student

Emily W.
University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada
0473
Nov 15, 2024
Super big place with pretty much anything you could want to eat. They often have great smoothies for breakfast, fresh pizza and pasta which are surprisingly good, a kosher station, and the legendary Mongolian stir fry and dole whip. Space is gorgeous with lots of tables and booths.

Sylvie H.
Ithaca, NY
130
Jan 5, 2025
I really like Morrison dining hall. Being from New Jersey, it's really hard to have like dining halls. Colleges have so bad ones and I just don't like it. Pizza station is great. I always grab cheese pizzas, nice slice. It's a very good dessert section. Yeah good things, what like about it like ice cream brownies, waffles I can put as much whipped cream on waffle ice cream it's great.