The Terrace Restaurant
4.8 (9 reviews)
Unclaimed 
Salad, American
Closed10:00 AM - 3:00 PM
The Terrace Restaurant - Pulled Pork with Boom Boom Sauce and Tangy BBQ - Ithaca, NY
The Terrace Restaurant - a plate of food with a fork sticking out of it - Ithaca, NY
The Terrace Restaurant - Entrance from hotel side - Ithaca, NY
The Terrace Restaurant - a view of a building through a window - Ithaca, NY
The Terrace Restaurant - two take out boxes of food - Ithaca, NY
The Terrace Restaurant - Burrito bowl - Ithaca, NY
Do you recommend this business?

People also searched for
Lunch

Healthy Food

Burrito

Salad Bar

Healthy Lunch

Fine Dining Restaurants

Location & Hours	
Suggest an edit

Map
130 Statler Dr

Ithaca, NY 14853

Mon

10:00 AM - 3:00 PM

Tue

10:00 AM - 3:00 PM

Closed now
Wed

10:00 AM - 3:00 PM

Thu

10:00 AM - 3:00 PM

Fri

10:00 AM - 3:00 PM

Sat

Closed

Sun

Closed

You Might Also Consider
Sponsored
Panera Bread

2.8 (71 reviews)
1.8 miles away from The Terrace Restaurant
Jon C. said"Visited Ithaca for the day and really wanted to go out and try a local restaurant; however I have the pickiest 4yo on the planet and so we went to the place where I know he'll eat a reasonable dinner vs just bread. Thankful for kids…"read more
in Sandwiches

Taco Bell

1.8 miles away from The Terrace Restaurant
Rudy D. said"Lots of other people on here bitching. I've had bad customer service a couple of times but it's a fast food joint, that happens most places. The majority of the time it's great. And don't try to compare it to real Mexican, you're…"read more
in Fast Food, Tacos, Mexican

Ask the Community	
Ask a question

Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about The Terrace Restaurant.

Recommended Reviews
Your trust is our priority, so businesses can't pay to alter or remove their reviews. Learn more about reviews.
Username
Location
000
Choose a star rating on a scale of 1 to 5





Select your rating

Start your review of The Terrace Restaurant
Overall rating

9 reviews
5 stars

4 stars

3 stars

2 stars

1 star


Yelp Sort

Filter by rating
Search reviews
 
Search reviews
Lina L.
Elite 26
Washington, DC
8 Salad reviews
Jan 23, 2025
The Terrace is the Beyoncé of campus eateries -- iconic, loved by all, and completely deserving of that 4.8-star status lol

Their burrito bowls are great. You're not truly living until you've drowned one in their magical boom boom sauce. And the salad bowls? They've somehow made me a believer that greens can be exciting. Seriously, it's the best salad on campus. Other stuff like their pho noodles are mehhhh.

The vibe is solid -- decent indoor ambiance, plus outdoor seating for when you're feeling fancy. This place does get packed faster than a lecture hall on syllabus day. If you don't time it right, you might be left holding your burrito bowl like it's a newborn, desperately hunting for a seat.

TL;DR: Come for the boom boom sauce, stay for the best eats on campus, and pray for non-awkward seats.

Martha K.
New York, NY
7 Salad reviews
Nov 26, 2024
1 photo
This was my absolute favorite food venue in college, so I tried it out for lunch when I was in town. I ordered a burrito bowl with pulled pork, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, & tortilla chips. I topped it off with boom boom sauce and tangy bbq (the best combo). It was nice to see the same workers as last semester because they are all nice and always have a friendly smile on their face.

The ambiance was a bit slow because of Thanksgiving break coming up, but it seemed like most people were enjoying their food. The pulled pork was a bit on the drier end and it overpowered the taste of the other ingredients, but overall I'm glad that I ordered it.

Food: 4/5
Service: 5/5
Ambiance: 4/5

Pulled Pork with Boom Boom Sauce and Tangy BBQ

Ellen N.
Elite 26
All-Star
Livingston, NJ
27 Salad reviews
Jun 28, 2024
Ate lunch here today after campus/college tour. My hubby and I had the burritos, and my daughter had chicken finger and fries.

Service was very friendly and swift. There was a line for burritos, but it moved quickly.

Price was not cheap, but you can get free water. There was plenty of seats available.

Steven L.
San Francisco, CA
51710
Jul 19, 2022
Great burritos and awesome staff all the time. Came here all 4 years of college- miss this place!

Michael B.
Ithaca, NY
47290
May 30, 2021
A favorite of mine for premium lunches at Cornell University! Be aware, however, that it is expensive because it is Cornell. I recommend the burrito bowls and salads (both are the best on campus). The staff here is also exceptionally nice. After my four years at Cornell, I feel like the great folks who work here were my friends! Thanks for all of the great lunches and for cheering me on!

Jee K.
Collegetown, Ithaca, NY
32865
Apr 9, 2019
3 photos
Terrace is my go to place for a good meal on the campus. I usually get the burrito bowl which is normally really filling for most people. Go on thursdays to get the tilapia option, and ask for boom boom sauce :) the other options like quesadilla and pho are also pretty good, and expsct really really long lines here if you go right after a big class ends.

DR W.
Ithaca, NY
7 Salad reviews
Aug 12, 2021
People working there are super friendly! Food is great, and the price is reasonable. Pretty good option in Ithaca! Highly recommend it!

Rachel M.
New York, NY
187157247
Sep 14, 2017
Best salads on Cornell's campus. The lines get long at peak lunch times, but it's worth the wait for the unlimited toppings and sesame ginger dressing!

Julia L.
Mesa, AZ
46108177
May 16, 2017
First to Review
Terrace is the best food on campus. The average meal here is between 7 and $10. The burrito bowls here are my favorite thing. The bar changes from day to day so it's super customizable. My favorite is the orange chicken burrito bowl. They also have really good quesadillas, and salads. A lot of people like the pho, Vietnamese noodle bowl, Korean rice kimchi bowl, and paninis, but I usually just stick to the burritos.

The lines tend to get really long but they move pretty quickly, especially right after they open and right before they close.

